Control your privacy and data | GDPR | Barclays
Skip to:
Main content
Barclays Home
Personal
Close
Menu
Premier
Business
Wealth Management
Corporate
Private Bank
International Banking
Close
Contact us
Find Barclays
Search
Log in
Menu
Accounts
Back
Accounts
Accounts
Compare current accounts
Barclays Bank Account
Premier Current Account
Joint Bank Account
Student Bank Account
Children’s Bank Account (age 11-17)
Barclays Basic Current Account
Rewards
Barclays Avios Rewards
Blue Rewards
Tools and services
Switch to a Barclays bank account
Barclays app
Debit cards and contactless
Overdrafts
Help
Current account FAQs
Lost, stolen or damaged card
Mortgages
Back
Mortgages
Mortgages
Compare mortgages
First-time buyer mortgages
Buying to let
Shared ownership
Offset mortgages
Help to buy
Borrow more on your mortgage
Switch your mortgage to Barclays
Tools and Services
All mortgage services
All mortgage calculators
Borrowing calculator
Repayment calculator
Agreement in principle
Switch to a new rate
Manage your mortgage with us
Track an application
Help
Mortgage FAQs
Mortgage guides and advice
Prepare for your mortgage appointment
Loans
Back
Loans
Loans
Compare loans
Car loans
Borrow more on current loan
Debt consolidation loans
Tools and services
Loan repayment calculator
Debt consolidation calculator
Help
Loan FAQs
Compare ways to borrow
What does APR mean?
What is a credit rating?
Money worries
Credit cards
Back
Credit cards
Credit cards
Compare credit cards
Purchase offer credit cards
Balance transfer credit cards
Rewards offer credit cards
Amazon rewards credit card
Avios credit cards
Credit building credit cards
Tools and services
Check if you’re eligible for a credit card
Barclaycard app
Log into Barclaycard
Help
Credit card terms explained
Compare ways to borrow
What does APR mean?
What is a credit rating?
Lost, stolen or damaged card
Contact Barclaycard
Savings
Back
Savings
Savings accounts
Compare savings accounts
Compare ISA accounts
Compare bond accounts
1-Year Flexible Cash ISA
Blue Rewards Saver
Children’s Savings account
1-Year Fixed Rate Bond
Rainy Day Saver
Insight
Should you save or invest?
Could you save money being more sustainable?
Tax year-end planning
Tools and services
All interest rates
Help
Savings FAQs
Guide to ISAs
Managing your Help to Buy ISA
Money management
Investments
Back
Investments
Investment accounts
Compare investment accounts
Investment (Stocks and Shares) ISA
General Investment Account
Self-Invested Personal Pension (SIPP)
Ready-made Investments
Insight
News and research
Should you save or invest?
Barclays Funds List
Most popular investments
International trading
Sustainable investing
Testimonials from our customers
Help
Investment FAQs
Transfer your investments
Our costs and charges
New to investing
Investment types explained
Contact our investments team
Disclosures
Insurance
Back
Insurance
Insurance
Compare life insurance
Compare travel and breakdown insurance
Compare tech insurance
Tools and services
Life insurance cover calculator
Tips for travel
Help
Life insurance FAQs
Travel and breakdown insurance FAQs
Tech insurance FAQs
Ways to bank
Back
Ways to bank
Access to banking
All ways to bank
Barclays app
Online Banking
Our locations
International Payments
Help and support
Back
Help and support
Help
Visit our help centre
Report fraud or scam
Fraud and security
Lost, stolen or damaged card
Accessibility and disability support
Access inactive accounts
Pay in and withdraw cash
Control your privacy and data
Our sustainability ambitions
Finances
Money confidence
Money tips and tools
Spending within your means
Create a budget plan
Could you save money being more sustainable?
Difficult times
Bereavement
Illness and debt
Gambling support
Losing your job
Mental health support
Money worries
Life moments
Explore all life moments
Buying a car
Buying your first home
Improving your home
Travel
Getting married
Going to university
Helping younger generations
Teaching children about money
Control your privacy and data
The General Data Protection Regulation
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
We’re committed to keeping your personal data safe and we’re happy for you to ask us about it.
If you have a general query about your account or if we’ve closed your account and you’d like to know why, the quickest way to find out is to call us on 03457 345 345.
(1)
Our continued commitment to you
Our focus on respecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal data remains as strong as ever. We’ve updated our privacy notices to reflect the new and strengthened rights in relation to your personal data, and the legal grounds for using it.
We’re committed to
Keeping your data safe
Giving you control and flexibility
Providing useful and timely information
Keeping you in control
We’ll always keep your data safe
We’re committed to respecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal data. We’ll only retain your data for as long as is necessary and we’ll always dispose of it safely.
If we’re required by law to share your data with other organisations, such as the government, we do so securely and we don’t share more than we need to. When we ask other companies to process data on our behalf we’ll always make sure they follow similarly high standards. Sometimes we use data to support government initiatives, but any reports that we publish will always be anonymous.
How we use your data
We use your data to ensure we process your transactions safely and securely. It can also help us to personalise your experience and develop new services that we think you’ll like. For example, we use customer spending data to develop our cashback offers, which give you money back on qualifying purchases. Data can also help us to focus on the needs of individuals – we take extra care when dealing with vulnerable customers, and we never send marketing material to children.
Whether it’s to deliver products and services to you and others, or to follow legal requirements, we’ll always be clear and open with you about how and why we’re using your data. And if you need more detail, we’ll always keep our privacy notices where you can find them easily.
Decide how you want to see information about offers, products and services from us by updating your
contact preferences
.
How data makes things easier
Sharing some personal data with us is essential for you to be able to use our services securely. For example, it means we can quickly get in touch with you if we think there’s fraud on your account. Knowing more about our customers also means we’ve been able to help them out and provide extra support during difficult times, such as after a major incident or during the collapse of a large employer. We can also help you interact with other organisations – our
Identity Service
verifies you so you can access government services such as tax self-assessment securely.
We never forget it’s your personal data
You’ve trusted us with your data, and in return we’ll give you the control you need. You can decide how we contact you with offers of products and services or information we think you may be interested in.
It’s straightforward to keep your personal details up to date using Online Banking, our mobile banking app, by phone or in one of our branches, and we’ll always make it easy for you to change your mind about how we contact you.
About the GDPR
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) became effective from 25 May 2018.
Personal data could be used to identify you. It includes your name and contact details, and can also include data about your transactions or your use of our services.
What does the GDPR mean?
The GDPR aims to give you more control of your data. It provides new and strengthened rights.
Right to access
– you can ask us whether we’re processing your personal data, including where and for what purpose. You can also request an electronic copy of your personal data free of charge
Right to restrict processing
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us to restrict our use of your personal data
Right to rectification
– you can ask us to correct inaccurate personal data we hold about you
Right to erasure (right to be forgotten)
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us to erase your personal data
Right to data portability
– you can ask us to provide you with a copy of your personal data in a commonly used electronic format, so that you can transfer it to other businesses
Right to object to automated decision-making
– in certain circumstances, you can ask us not to make automated decisions about you based on your personal data that produce significant legal effects
Right to lodge a complaint
– you can lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority
Do I need to do anything?
You don’t need to do anything.
We haven't changed the ways we use your personal data. Our privacy notices provide additional detail about this, in particular
Who we are, our contact details and the contact details of our data protection officer
The types of personal data we collect about you and, where we don’t collect it from you, who we collect it from
The recipients or categories of recipients of your personal data, if any
The legal basis for using your personal data
Where applicable, if we intend to store, process or transfer your personal data to a third country or international organisation
How long we keep your personal data after our relationship with you has ended (for example, after you stop banking with us or using our platforms)
Automated decisions we make about you – for example we use technology to help identify that someone else may be using your card without your permission
Your rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you
About our privacy notices
We may change our privacy notices and add new privacy notices in the future, so we recommend that you check this page occasionally to ensure that you’re happy with any changes.
Your privacy documents
Personal
[PDF, 588KB]
Business Banking
[PDF, 334KB]
Barclaycard
[PDF, 425KB]
Under 18s
[PDF, 160KB]
Wealth Management & Investments
[PDF, 205KB]
Your choices
Manage your data requests and the information you receive from us.
Request your data
Ask us to send you your personal data.
If you have a general query about your account or if we’ve closed your account and you’d like to know why, the quickest way to find out is to call us on 03457 345 345.
(1)
Request data
Marketing choices
Ask us to stop using your personal data in a particular way.
Stop marketing
Other objections
Ask us to stop using your personal data to send you information about offers, products and services.
Object to data
Move your data
Request your personal data so you can share it with another organisation.
Move data
Request data deletion
Ask us to delete your personal data.
Data deletion
Check contact details
Ensure your personal contact information is correct.
Contact details
Access your data request
If you’ve asked us for a copy of your personal data and we’ve sent you an access code by post, you can use it here.
Access my request
Important information
We’re here Monday to Friday from 8am to 8pm, and Saturdays from 9am to 5pm. To maintain a quality service, we may monitor and record phone calls.
Call charges
(Return to reference)
Our products
Current accounts
Savings
Loans
Mortgages
Insurance
Credit cards
Help
Help & FAQs
Money worries
Report fraud or a scam
Report card lost or stolen
Access to cash
Site information
Important information
Accessibility
Privacy policy
Cookie policy
Security
Find us
Find Barclays
Service status
Careers
Download the Barclays app
Barclays Bank UK PLC and Barclays Bank PLC are each authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority.
Barclays Investment Solutions Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority.
Registered office for all: 1 Churchill Place, London E14 5HP
FSCS Protected