Privacy Policy
Browser does not support script.
Skip to content
London School of Economics and Political Science
Search
Menu
LSE information
Toggle navigation
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Report a page
Terms of use
Cookie policy
Campus Map
Travelling to LSE
Trending at LSE
Find a programme or course
How to apply to undergraduate programmes
How to apply to graduate programmes
How to apply to Summer School
How to apply to study abroad at LSE
Apply
Study at LSE
Undergraduate
Graduate
Executive Education
Executive master's degrees
Online courses
Global and Online Degrees
Summer School
Study abroad
Student life
Accommodation
Research
Discover our research
Find LSE experts
LSE Blogs
LSE iQ Podcast
Research for the World online magazine
LSE Press
Research centres
Departments & institutes
AI, technology and society
Engagement and impact support for LSE researchers
Coffee break research talks
News & events
Latest news
Upcoming events
Films & podcasts
Media queries
About LSE
An introduction
Celebrating LSE's 130th anniversary
Our Campaign
Our strategy
LSE leadership
Departments & institutes
Divisions
Library
Global partners
Term dates
Contact us
Quick links for
Current students
Find support for students at LSE
Paying fees
Staff
Jobs at LSE
Alumni & friends
Business & employers
Careers service
Tackling Harassment and Sexual Misconduct
Close
Search
Go
LSE information
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy and data protection
To review the full terms of use of the website, visit
Terms of Use
.
5.1
Your right to privacy is important to us. The following terms are provided to explain how we collect and use information about you so that you can make an informed choice about using the Website.
5.2 Data protection
5.2.1
LSE is keen to strike a fair balance between your personal privacy and ensuring that you obtain full value from the products and services it provides, while ensuring that it complies with all protection the Data Protection Act 2018 ('the Act') and the General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) affords to you. LSE will hold your personal data securely in accordance with the Act, under which it is fully registered and the GDPR.
5.2.2
The main purpose of the Act and GDPR is to contain the possible threat to individuals from the misuse of personal data relating to them held in manual records or on computing equipment. LSE complies with all requirements of the law on protection of personal data held on computer or in manual records. The same requirements apply to any records held by individual students about identifiable living individuals.
5.3 Collection and use of personal data
5.3.1
Personal data is not stored nor captured through the Website without the prior knowledge and consent of Users. Where personal information is captured (eg through web-based forms for feedback, registration, requests, etc), the User will be informed as to what personal information is being collected, who will use it, and for what purpose(s) it will be used.
5.3.2
Any personal data that you give us will be treated with the utmost care and security. We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as it is still used for the purpose stated when originally requested.
5.3.3
LSE is keen to strike a fair balance between your personal privacy and ensuring that you obtain full value from the products and services it provides, while ensuring that it complies with all protection the Act and GDPR affords to you. LSE will hold your personal data securely in accordance with the Act, under which it is fully registered.
5.3.4
Should you request that we amend or suppress records containing your personal data, we will endeavour to do so as promptly as practical. However, you may receive communications for a transitional period while we process your records.
5.3.5
The Act and GDPR gives you the right to see the personal information LSE holds on you. Please see
Data protection
for more information, including information on specific privacy policies.
5.4 Cookies
5.4.1
This Website uses cookies. The Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) defines a cookie as
“a small text file that is downloaded onto ‘terminal equipment’ (e.g. a computer or smartphone) when the user accesses a website. It allows the website to recognise that user’s device and store some information about the user’s preferences or past actions.”
5.4.2
With the exception of “Strictly Necessary” cookies, you may refuse the use of cookies by either rejecting the use of cookies when accessing the Website or by adjusting the settings of your web browser, however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website.
5.4.3
When you access this Website, you will be asked whether you consent to the use of cookies and use of the data they provide. We advise that you refer to the
Cookie policy
prior to accepting or rejecting the use of different categories of cookies.
5.4.4
For more information about cookies and how to manage or disable cookies, please refer to our
Cookie policy
.
5.5 Log files
5.5.1
Continuous logs are kept of requests received by the Website's web servers as it is accessed. These logs are used to analyse usage of the Website.
5.5.2
Each log entry includes the internet protocol (IP) address of the client used (typically, though not necessarily, the IP address of the personal computer (PC) used), the type of client used (typically, though not necessarily, the type and version of web browser used), the URL of the page (or object) requested, the URL of the previous page (or object) requested (known as the 'referrer' and could relate to this Website or another), and the reference number stored in a cookie created by the Website (if one exists). LSE logs additionally contain the username used to access restricted areas of the Website. This username is not collected by nor shared with Nedstat or Google Inc.
5.5.3
When video and audio recordings hosted on the LSE website are downloaded, log entries will track the time of download, number of downloads and the geographical location of all Users
.
LSE is only able to link log entries to individuals where it holds personal data that can be associated with log entries using IP address, username, or reference number from cookies. This is only possible in relation to Users connected directly to the LSE network (ie using an LSE IP address) and Users using an LSE account (ie using an LSE username). We will only use this information to identify you where we are required to by law or where we suspect that there has been a breach of the law or of the
Terms of use
.
Share
Email a link to this page
Share on Facebook
Share on LinkedIn
London School of Economics and Political Science
Houghton Street
London
WC2A 2AE
UK
LSE is a private company limited by guarantee, registration number 70527.
+44 (0)20 7405 7686
Campus map
Contact us
Cookie settings
Cookie policy
Report a page
Accessibility Statement
Terms of use
Privacy policy
Modern Slavery Statement
FaceBook
Flickr
Instagram
LinkedIn
SoundCloud
Twitter
You Tube
© LSE 2026
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.
Browser does not support script.