Privacy Notice | Coursera
Log In
Join for Free
Privacy Notice
U.S. State Privacy Laws Notice
Data Privacy Framework Notice
Privacy Notice Addendum
Data Protection Addendum
Cookies Policy
Terms of Use
Privacy Notice
Last updated: January 29, 2026.
Key Information
Coursera, Inc. is the data controller of the Personal Data (as defined below) we process about you, meaning that we determine the means and purposes of collecting, using, storing, disclosing, or otherwise processing your Personal Data. However, if you are participating in a degree program, certain certificate programs where you are required to enroll with the academic institution, or in other circumstances communicated to you, Coursera is the data processor.
We collect the Personal Data set out in the "What Personal Data We Collect" section of this Privacy Notice below, including account registration details such as name and email, details of Content Offerings you undertake, survey information (where you provide it), identity verification data, and information about your use of the Site (as defined below) and Services.
We use your Personal Data for the purposes set out in the "Legal bases and Purposes for Processing your Personal Data" section of this Privacy Notice below. These purposes include providing the Site and Services to you, maintaining the security and performance of the Site, conducting research relating to Content Offerings, sharing information with our Content Providers and our suppliers, direct marketing, and performing statistical analysis of the use of our Site and Services.
You have a number of rights that you can exercise in relation to our use of your Personal Data, as set out in the "Your Rights" section of this Privacy Notice below.
You can find information about us and how we collect, use, store, disclose, or otherwise process your Personal Data in each section of this Privacy Notice:
Purpose and who we are
What Information this Privacy Notice Covers
What Personal Data We Collect
Legal bases and Purposes for Processing your Personal Data
How We Use AI
External Links
How we share Personal Data
Retention of Personal Data
Confidentiality & Security of Personal Data
Your Rights
Questions, Suggestions, and Complaints
U.S. State Privacy Laws
International Data Transfer
Changing Our Privacy Notice
No Information from Children Under 13
Live2Coursera Privacy Notice
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Notice
Privacy Notice Addendum
Purpose and who we are
The purpose of this Privacy Notice is to describe how Coursera, Inc., our subsidiaries, and our international branches, ("
Coursera
," "
us
," "
we
," or "
our
") collects, uses, stores, discloses, and otherwise processes your Personal Data (as defined below), including through our websites, mobile applications (collectively, the "
Site
"), products, and Services.
Please read this Privacy Notice carefully to understand what we do. If you do not understand any aspects of our Privacy Notice, please feel free to contact us at
privacy@coursera.org
.  If you need to access this Privacy Notice in an alternative format due to a disability, please contact us at
privacy@coursera.org
. Your use of our Site is also governed by our
Terms of Use
. Terms used but not defined in this Privacy Notice can be found in our Terms of Use.
Coursera, Inc. is a Delaware corporation with a principal place of business at 2440 West El Camino Real, Suite 500, Mountain View, CA 94040, USA. If you reside or are located in the European Economic Area ("
EEA
") or United Kingdom ("
UK
"), Coursera is the data controller of all Personal Data collected via the Site and of certain Personal Data collected from third parties, as set out in this Privacy Notice, unless you are part of a degree, certain certificate programs, or certain other circumstances as communicated to you, in which case Coursera is the data processor.
What Information this Privacy Notice Covers
This Privacy Notice applies to the Personal Data that we process in connection with your use of our Site and Services. Some of our Site’s functionality can be used without revealing any Personal Data, but for features or Services related to the Content Offerings, Personal Data is required. In order to access certain features and benefits on our Site, you may need to submit, or we may collect,
"Personal Data"
(i.e., information that can be used to identify you and which may also be referred to as “
personally identifiable information
” or “
personal information
”). Personal Data can include information such as your name, email address, IP address, and device identifier, among other things. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Data you submit to Coursera. Inaccurate information may affect your ability to use the Site, the information you receive when using the Site, and our ability to contact you. For example, your email address should be kept current because that is one of the primary manners in which we communicate with you.
What Personal Data We Collect
We may collect and process your Personal Data:
directly from you (e.g., when you provide us with account information or you communicate with us),
from the device(s) you use to access and use the Site (e.g., to track your use of the Site through cookies and similar technologies), and
from third parties (e.g., when you complete third party surveys or interact with third party and/or partner sites).
For us to provide you with our Products or Services, you may be required to provide Personal Data directly to third parties. Please see the section entitled “Personal Data third parties collect from you directly” for more information.
Personal Data we collect directly from you
We may collect your Personal Data directly from you, including the following:
Identity and Contact Data
: such as your name, date of birth, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
Account Registration Data
: if you register for an account on the Site, you may be required to provide us with certain Personal Data including name, email address, username and password. You may also voluntarily provide us with additional Personal Data including when you update or change information for your account.
Communications with Coursera
. We may receive and record Personal Data when you send us an email message or otherwise contact us, including through the use of an in-platform messaging/chat feature.
Product or Service Purchase Information
: Information about what Products or Services you have purchased. For more information on payment processing, please see the section on “Personal Data third parties collect from you directly”.
Information about your interests, preferences and affiliations
insofar as they relate to the Product and/or Services that we provide (e.g., when you sign-up for email or account updates).
The
Content of your Communications
such as information provided voluntarily in surveys you complete, or in other exchanges with us, including via email or through the use of an in-platform messaging/chat feature.
Education, Career and Skills Information
including information about your education, career, skills, interests, goals, and plans, as well as your professional and educational experience and qualifications.
Demographic Information
such as country of residence, gender, and age.
Other Personal Data you provide
: e.g., information you voluntarily provide to us when you participate in our public forums (“
Forums
”), and/or participate in Content Offerings or other Services on the Site.
In relation to the Forums, please note that you should not include any information of a personal or sensitive nature, whether relating to you or another person, in a Forum post. We may publish any information you post including via extensions of our platform that use third-party services, like mobile applications. Please also reference our Terms of Use and our Code of Conduct for additional information about proper use of our Forums.
If you participate in a Content Offering, we may collect certain user-generated content, such as assignments you submit, peer-graded assignments, and peer grading feedback. We also collect course data, such as responses to in-video quizzes, standalone quizzes, exams, and surveys. You should not include any information of a personal or sensitive nature, whether relating to you or another person, on assignments, exams, or surveys, except for information required to participate in or submit such assignments, exams, or surveys.
Personal Data we collect from your device(s) as your use the Site
When you visit the Site, we may track, collect, and aggregate information from your device(s) indicating, among other things, which pages of the Site were visited, the order in which they were visited, when they were visited, and which hyperlinks were clicked on. We also collect information from the URLs from which you linked to the Site.
Collecting such information may involve logging the
IP address
,
operating system
, and
browser software
used by each user of the Site. We may be able to determine from an IP address a
user’s Internet Service Provider
and the geographic location of their point of connectivity.
Location data
may be used to route your traffic to the nearest regional server to reduce latency and improve your experience.
We may also use cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies when you visit our Site. For more information on our use of cookies and web beacons, please refer to our
Cookies Policy
.
We also use session-replay technologies, such as those provided by Amplitude, who employs software code to record users’ interactions with the Site in a manner that allows us to watch video replays of those user sessions. The replays capture data such as mouse movements, page visits, network requests and responses, console logs, JavaScript exceptions, and browser performance metrics. These replays help us diagnose usability problems and identify areas for improvement. You can opt-out of session recording by adjusting your cookies settings in the
“Cookies Preference Center”
.
Personal Data we collect from third parties
We may obtain your Personal Data from third parties, including the following:
Text and/or Images on third party sites
: We may receive Personal Data when you access or log-in to a third party site, e.g., Facebook, from the Sites. This may include the text and/or images of your Personal Data available from the third party site.
Survey data
: We may receive Personal Data when you provide information in response to a survey operated by a Content Provider.
Data relating to your use of partner sites
: This may include information such as the
amount of time spent on the partner site and pages viewed
. Partner sites providing Content Offering-related tools and services to Coursera users may collect non-financial individual-level user data regarding the individual’s use of that partner site while the partner sites provide those services to Coursera. The partner sites may share that data with Coursera for the purpose of improving our Services, the partner site’s services, and the individual’s education experience.
Account registration / invitation data
: When an organization invites you to join the Coursera platform through its Enterprise program, Coursera may receive Personal Data about you that the organization provides as part of the invitation / sign-up process.
Personal Data third parties collect directly from you
Our third party partners may collect your Personal Data directly from you in relation to our Products and Services, including the following:
Identity Verification
. Coursera may offer you the ability to verify your identity for select Services. In order to enroll for these Services, you may be required to provide us or our third-party identity verification vendor with Personal Data such as your
name
,
address
,
date of birth
, a
headshot
taken using a webcam or device camera, and a
photo identification document
. Coursera’s third-party identity verification vendor may use this Personal Data to generate biometric facial data, which is destroyed upon successful completion of verification and in no event after 2 years. Additionally, if you apply for financial aid in connection with these Services, you may be required to provide information regarding your
income
.
Third Party Payment Processing
. Coursera provides you with the ability to pay for Content Offerings and other Services using a credit card or other methods through a third party payment processing service provider. Please note that our service provider – not Coursera – collects and processes your financial information. Our third party payment processing service providers include
Stripe
,
Braintree
,
GPay
,
ApplePay
,
PayPal
,
CashApp
,
Klarna
,
RazorPay
, and
dLocal
. Each of these payment processors may use your financial information in accordance with their privacy policy, which is linked above.
Legal bases and Purposes for Processing your Personal Data
We set out in this section each of the legal bases under applicable law (including the EU and UK GDPR) that we rely on, why and how we use your data, and the categories of Personal Data we process
Category of Personal data
Purpose of processing
Legal basis
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Product or Service Purchase Information; Content of your Communications ; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information; Personal Data we collect from your device(s); Survey data; Third Party Payment Processing Data
To allow you to access and use the Site and in order to provide any information, products, or Services that you request from us.
To comply with our contract to provide Services to you, your academic institution, your employer, or other organization that may be providing you with access to our Services
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Content of your Communications; Personal Data we collect from your device(s)
To provide technical support to you, where required, and to ensure the security of our Services and the Site.
For our legitimate interests to operate our Site and provide our Services as securely as possible
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information
When you sign-up for updates, to send you messages in connection with the Site or Content Offerings.
With your consent
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Product or Service Purchase Information; Information about your interests, preferences and affiliations; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information; Personal Data we collect from your device(s); Text and/or Images on third party sites; Survey data; Data relating to your use of partner sites
To record and analyze how learners interact with the Site, its features and content, and our Services to build higher quality, more useful Products and/or Services.
For our legitimate interests to run, grow and develop our business
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information; Text and/or Images on third party sites; Data relating to your use of partner sites
To allow you to access and use the Forums.
To comply with our contract to provide the Forum Services to you, your academic institution, your employer, or other organization that may be providing you with access to Forum Services
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information
When you participate in a Content Offering through the Site including for tracking attendance, progress, and completion of the Content Offerings.
For our legitimate interests to provide an effective means to track participation in Content Offerings
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Demographic Information; Personal Data we collect from your device(s)
To facilitate and personalize your interaction with Site features such as chatbots, automated translation and grading functionality, tailored recommendations, and learner engagement features.
For our legitimate interests to run, grow and develop our business including by providing you with a personalized Service
Identity and Contact Data; Identity Verification Data
For Services that require identity verification, to verify your identity, and for authenticating that submissions made on the Site were made by you.
With your consent. In the case of biometric data that makes up part of the Identity Verification Data: with your explicit consent or another condition permitted under applicable law
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information
To manage communications with or from Coursera including to archive information and/or use it for future communications with you where we are legally entitled to do so.
For our legitimate interests to run, grow and develop our business including by communicating effectively with you
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Information about your interests, preferences and affiliations; Content of your Communications; Demographic Information; Personal Data we collect from your device(s)
Where we send you emails, to track the way that you interact with these emails, to optimize and tailor our communications to you.
With your consent
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Product or Service Purchase Information; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information
To share information with our Content Providers and other business partners so they can inform you about their products and services that may be of interest to you where they are legally entitled to do so.
With your consent
Identity and Contact Data; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information; Survey data
For research related to online education.
For our legitimate interests to run, grow and develop our business including by supporting our Partners carrying out research related to online education
Identity and Contact Data; Product or Service Purchase Information; Information about your interests, preferences and affiliations; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information; Personal Data we collect from your device(s); Text and/or Images on third party sites; Data relating to your use of partner sites
To send marketing and serve advertising, to inform our marketing and advertising strategies and content, to understand more about our audiences and to personalize our marketing and advertising.
With your consent
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Product or Service Purchase Information; Information about your interests, preferences and affiliations; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information; Personal Data we collect from your device(s); Text and/or Images on third party sites; Survey data; Data relating to your use of partner sites
To share your Personal Data with government authorities in response to lawful subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.
To comply with our legal obligations
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Product or Service Purchase Information; Information about your interests, preferences and affiliations; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information; Personal Data we collect from your device(s); Text and/or Images on third party sites; Survey data; Data relating to your use of partner sites
To share your Personal Data with government authorities, external advisors and other relevant or affected third parties when we believe it is appropriate; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Coursera, the Site, our users, customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Use and other agreements.
To comply with our legal obligations
Identity and Contact Data; Account Registration Data; Product or Service Purchase Information; Information about your interests, preferences and affiliations; Content of your Communications; Education, Career and Skills Information; Demographic Information; Personal Data we collect from your device(s); Survey data
To disclose and/or transfer your Personal Data to an acquirer, assignee or other successor entity in connection with a sale, merger, or reorganization of all or substantially all of the equity, business, or assets of Coursera.
For our legitimate interests to engage in a sale, merger, or reorganization process
How we use AI
We use a number of AI Product Features (“
Features
”) for the purposes set out above. We have grouped the Features into the following categories which –
Support teaching and course generation
: Features like Course Builder, Program Builder and Smart Ingestion take data from teacher content and produce Coursera-aligned course drafts that students can engage with.
Support learning
: these Features support learning e.g., by dubbing content into a student’s native language (like AI Dubbing does) or by helping students with self-study (e.g., by creating AI generated Flashcards) or by providing feedback (such as with Coach, Coach Dialogue, Tools Based Practice Generation, and Roleplay).
Enable assessment and review
: these Features allow for peer review, grade assessment, and written feedback provision (such as AI Enabled Peer Review, AI Open Ended Questions, and AI Integrity Check). Certain Features also generate assessments (Assessment Generator) or pick up signs of potential exam misconduct (Course Proctoring).
Drive chatbots and general analysis tools
: We have developed several chatbots (such as Cora) and analysis tools that assist both learners and Coursera’s own internal staff, including for customer services.
Your Rights and Safeguards in relation to automated decision-making
You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing which produces legal effects or similarly significant effects on you.
Certain Features such as AI Enabled Peer Review may affect the grade you receive on an assessment. In such circumstances, you are able to elect to have a human grader instead. You can also request human review of your grade. You may also have the right to appeal your grade.
If you would like to talk to us about a Feature and how it works, or obtain further explanation of the logic involved with the Feature, please contact us using the details below.
External Links
For your convenience we may provide links to sites operated by organizations other than Coursera ("
Third Party Sites
") that we believe may be of interest to you. We do not disclose your Personal Data to these Third Party Sites unless we have a lawful basis on which to do so. We do not endorse and are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Sites. If you choose to click on a link to one of these Third Party Sites, you should review the privacy policy posted on the other site to understand how that Third Party Site collects and uses your Personal Data.
How we share Personal Data
The different Coursera entities share common goals and certain resources. As such, your Personal Data may be shared amongst these entities and our other affiliated organisations.
We may share your Personal Data with third parties as follows:
Coursera Contractors
. We use various third party service providers, vendors, and contractors (collectively, "
Contractors
") to support Coursera’s activities, including the purposes listed in this section of the Privacy Notice. Our Contractors will have access to Personal Data to the extent necessary for provision of their services to Coursera. These Contractors may include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, and/or content related to the operation and maintenance of the Site or the Content Offerings, or related to Coursera’s other business activities. This may include for targeted advertising and custom audience activities. Access to your Personal Data by these Contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the Contractor to perform its limited function for us.
Coursera Customers
. For learners who are part of a Coursera Enterprise program, Coursera may share your course progress, completion status, and other analytics or usage information ("
Analytics Data
") with your Coursera Enterprise program for organizational purposes such as verifying enrollment, tracking completion of required or optional training, supporting internal learning and development programs, and generating related reporting.
Coursera Partners
. Coursera may share Personal Data, including Analytics Data, with university and industry partners, and other commercial partners including for the Purposes set out in the table above.
Instructors
: We may share your Personal Data and your performance in a given Content Offering with the instructor or instructors who taught it, with teaching assistants or other individuals designated by the instructor or instructors to assist with the creation, modification, or operation of the Content Offering, and with the Content Provider(s) with which they are affiliated.
Content Providers
: We may share your Personal Data, including Analytics Data, with Content Providers and other business partners of Coursera so that Content Providers and other business partners may share information about their products and services that may be of interest to you where they are legally entitled to do so.
Badge / Certificate Issuers
: Coursera may provide limited personal information (including name, email address, and badge metadata) to its third party digital credentialing platform (Credly) to allow you to set up an account with Credly to receive your course completion badge.
Government Authorities
: Coursera may share your Personal Data with various government authorities (such as regulatory bodies, law enforcement activities, and national security organizations) as set out in the Table above including in response to lawful subpoenas, court orders, or other legal processes.
External advisors
: Coursera may share your Personal Data with external advisors including lawyers and consultants when we believe it is appropriate (e.g., to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of Coursera).
Acquirers
. Coursera may disclose and/or transfer your Personal Data to an acquirer, assignee or other successor entity in connection with a sale, merger, or reorganization of all or substantially all of the equity, business, or assets of Coursera to which your Personal Data relates.
Retention of Personal Data
We keep your Personal Data for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which the Personal Data is collected and processed, to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, to exercise our legal rights, and to protect ourselves from legal claims. The length of time we retain Personal Data for depends on the purposes for which we collect and use it, the nature of your interaction with us, or as required to comply with applicable laws and to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights.
Biometric information is not retained beyond successful completion of identity verification, and in no event more than 2 years or in accordance with applicable law.
Confidentiality & Security of Personal Data
We will use industry standard physical, technical, and administrative security measures to keep your Personal Data confidential and secure, and will not share it with third parties, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Notice, or unless such disclosure is necessary in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others, as permitted by applicable law. Because the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee the security of Personal Data, and there is some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent our security systems or that transmission of your information over the Internet will be intercepted. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please note that e-mail communications are typically not encrypted and should not be considered secure.
Your Rights
Depending on where you are located, you have certain rights in relation to your Personal Data. You can access your Personal Data and confirm that it remains correct and up-to-date, choose whether or not you wish to receive material from us or some of our partners, and request that we delete or provide you with a copy of your Personal Data by logging into the Site, selecting ‘Settings’ from the dropdown in the top right, and scrolling down to find the appropriate option. The ability to delete an account may be disabled for some users, particularly those who are enrolled in for-credit offerings such as degrees, certificate programs, and other similar offerings.
If you would like further information in relation to your rights or would like to exercise any of them, you may also contact us via
privacy@coursera.org
. If you reside or are located in the EEA, UK, Switzerland, or other region that offers similar protections, you have the right to request that we:
provide access to any Personal Data we hold about you;
cease the processing of your Personal Data for direct-marketing purposes;
update any Personal Data which is out of date or incorrect;
delete any Personal Data which we are holding about you;
restrict the way that we process your Personal Data;
provide your Personal Data to a third party provider of services; or
provide you with a copy of any Personal Data which we hold about you.
For more information in relation to your rights with respect to automated decision-making please refer to the “How we use AI” section above.
We try to answer every request promptly where possible, and provide our response within the time period stated by applicable law. Further information for residents of U.S. States which have enacted state privacy laws is available in our
U.S. State Privacy Laws Notice
.
If you request deletion of your Personal Data, we will delete the Personal Data associated with that account, including your learner profile, course history, and any certificates or certifications issued through our platform. Once your account is deleted, certificates and certifications cannot be accessed, verified, or reissued, and we recommend downloading any certificates and certifications you wish to keep before submitting a deletion request. Following deletion, we may retain limited Personal Data where necessary for lawful and legitimate purposes, which may vary depending on your location, such as complying with legal obligations. In addition, residual information may remain within our databases, access logs, or other records, which may or may not contain your Personal Data.
Questions, Suggestions, and Complaints
If you have any privacy or AI-related questions, suggestions, unresolved problems, or complaints (including about a breach of the Australian Privacy Principles), you may contact us via
privacy@coursera.org
.
If you reside or are located in the EEA, UK, Switzerland, or other region that offers similar protections, you may also make a complaint to your local supervisory body for data protection matters (our supervisory body for our UK entity below is the UK Information Commissioner's Office and our EU Representative is the Dutch Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe that your rights have been breached.
Coursera BV serves as the EU Representative for Coursera, Inc. To contact Coursera BV, please use the following contact info
:
Post: Coursera Europe B.V.
      Attn: Privacy Request
      Schiphol Boulevard 195, 1118BG Schiphol

Email: eu-representative@coursera.org
Coursera UK Limited serves as the UK Representative for Coursera, Inc. To contact Coursera UK Limited, please use the following contact info
:
Post: Coursera UK Limited
      Attn: Privacy Request
      6th Floor One London Wall, London, UK, EC2Y 5EB

Email: eu-representative@coursera.org
U.S. State Privacy Laws
For information about how we process personal information relating to residents of U.S. states that have enacted state privacy laws and the legal rights that such residents have, please review our
U.S. State Privacy Laws Notice here
.
International Data Transfer
Our Site is primarily operated and managed on servers located and operated within the United States. In order to provide our products and Services to you, we may be sending your Personal Data outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to the United States. Accordingly, your Personal Data may be transferred outside of the country in which you reside or are located, including to countries that may not provide the same level of protection for your Personal Data. We are committed to protecting Personal Data when it is transferred. If you reside or are located within the EEA, UK, Switzerland (or other region that offers similar protections) and such data transfers occur, we take appropriate steps to ensure an equivalent level of protection for your Personal Data. We participate in and commit to adhering to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, or the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework when transferring data from the EEA, UK or Switzerland to the United States. Please see our Data Privacy Framework Notice, below, for further information. Where we cannot transfer Personal Data on the basis of the Data Privacy Framework, we rely on another approved transfer mechanism including the Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK Addendum (as applicable). If you want to obtain a copy of the transfer mechanism we use, please contact us using the details below.
Changing Our Privacy Notice
Please note that we review our privacy practices from time to time, and that these practices are subject to change. Any change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on our Site. We will notify you of any material change to this Privacy Notice by posting a notice on our Site’s homepage for a reasonable period of time following such update or by sending an email to the email address associated with your user account, and by changing the effective date (located at the top of this page). Be sure to return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this Privacy Notice.
No Information from Children Under 13
Coursera strongly believes in protecting the privacy of children. Any use or access by anyone under the age of 13 is prohibited, and certain regions and Content Offerings may have additional requirements and/or restrictions. In line with this belief, we do not knowingly collect or process Personal Data through the Site or Services from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of the Site or Services is directed to persons under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access this Site or Services at any time or in any manner. We will take appropriate steps to delete any Personal Data of persons less than 13 years of age that has been processed through the Site or Services without verified parental consent upon learning of the existence of such Personal Data.
Live2Coursera Privacy Notice
This section explains how Coursera collects and uses the Personal Data of those who use our Live2Coursera Services, and supplements but does not replace our
Privacy Notice
, which governs how we handle the Personal Data of all Coursera users. The Terms of Use for Live2Coursera can be found
here
. Any defined terms used in this section and not otherwise defined in the Privacy Notice are found in the Live2Coursera Terms of Use.
Live2Coursera enables instructors to record, share, and upload lectures, including those recorded using Third Party Offerings, to Coursera for their students to view on the students’ mobile devices or computers.
In addition to the activities outlined elsewhere in our Privacy Notice, Live2Coursera users are directed to review the following
:
Coursera will collect the audio and video content instructors choose to upload through Third Party Offerings, as well as the instructor’s name, email address, and thumbnail image. Instructors may also provide us with the contact information of their students to allow Coursera to share the link to that content with those students. Instructors should ensure that the proper consents and permissions are obtained from these students before sharing their contact information. Please note that the audio and video content instructors provide to Coursera may include the voices of students participating in the live lecture, and that we may make all such content publicly available to all users of our platform.
Coursera will use your information to provide and operate our Live2Coursera services and will make certain information available to other Live2Coursera participants: For example, we will allow students to view the content uploaded by their instructors and will allow instructors to know which students have viewed their lectures.
Coursera may also share certain information about your use of Live2Coursera Services back with any associated Third Party Offering. Please note that when you interact with any Third Party Offering, such Third Party Offering may independently collect information about you and solicit information from you. We have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for a Third Party Offering's privacy practices. We recommend that you review any and all Third Party Offering’s privacy notice for more information.
If you have any questions about how we handle your information, please contact us at privacy@coursera.org.
Data Privacy Framework (DPF) Notice
Last updated: January 28, 2026.
Introduction.
Coursera, Inc. (referred to as "we," "us," or "our"), believes in protecting your privacy. This DPF Notice contains supplementary information relating to Personal Data transferred on the basis of the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, or the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. This DPF Notice should be read in conjunction with Coursera’s
Privacy Notice
, which provides details of the Personal Data processed, purposes for which Personal Data is collected, processed and disclosed, types of third parties to which Personal Data is disclosed, and rights of individuals. To the extent of any conflict between this DPF Notice and Coursera’s Privacy Notice, this DPF Notice prevails.
We participate in and commit to adhering to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, the UK extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (together the “DPF”)  which includes the DPF Principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access, and recourse, enforcement and liability (the "Principles") for transfers of Personal Data from the EEA, UK and Switzerland, respectively, to the U.S. To learn more about the DPF, please visit the DPF website:
https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov
. For more information regarding our DPF certification, please click
here
or search for ‘Coursera’ in the DPF list of participants.
Your Choices
We will offer you the opportunity to opt-out of your Personal Data (or to provide explicit consent for Sensitive Personal Data) being: (i) disclosed to a third party (other than an agent performing tasks on behalf of and under the instructions of Coursera) ); or (ii) used for a purpose materially different from the purpose for which it was originally collected (as set out in our Privacy Notice), or subsequently authorized by you, when the circumstances arise. You also have the ability to opt out at any time from the use of your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes and certain uses of tracking technologies. To exercise this right, please check your account and cookie settings. If you have further questions related to the above, you can also contact us at
privacy@coursera.org
.
Recourse, Enforcement and Liability
We will regularly review our compliance with the statements set forth in this DPF Notice, and we will provide an independent way to resolve complaints about our privacy practices. We encourage interested persons to first contact us (contact information provided below) and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data in accordance with the Principles. If your enquiry is not satisfactorily addressed by us, we have registered with the International Centre for Dispute Resolution ("ICDR"), a division of the American Arbitration Association, to provide independent third party dispute resolution (free of charge) to you. To contact ICDR and/or learn more about the company’s dispute resolution services, including complaint submission, please visit:
https://go.adr.org/dpf_irm.html
. There may also be circumstances when disputes can be resolved through the DPF binding arbitration process. Please see the
DPF website for further information
. For residents of  the UK, the EEA, Switzerland, or other region that offers similar data protection rights, you may also lodge a complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority or seek a remedy through the courts. In the UK, the relevant supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office which can be contacted at
https://ico.org.uk/
. A list of EEA supervisory authorities and how to contact them is available from the European Data Protection Board at
https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en
. In Switzerland, the supervisory authority is the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) available at
https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/de
.
In the context of an onward transfer, Coursera has responsibility for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the DPF and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  Coursera shall remain liable under the Principles if its agent processes such Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless Coursera proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Jurisdiction
As part of our participation in DPF, we are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and other authorized statutory bodies.
Modifications
We may amend this DPF Notice from time-to-time in accordance with the requirements of the DPF or a successor data transfer framework. The most recent version of the DPF Notice will always be posted to this website. Anytime that we do make such changes, we will also update the effective date listed at the top of the DPF Notice. Please be sure to review the most recent version of the DPF Notice each time that you visit this website so that you are aware of how we collect, use, and retain Personal Data.
Contact Us
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this DPF Notice, transfer of your Personal Data from the EEA, UK or Switzerland to the U.S., our privacy practices, or your consent choices by email at
privacy@coursera.org
.
Privacy Notice Addendum
Last updated: March 26, 2026.
Coursera is providing and integrating a ChatGPT-branded app within ChatGPT solely to provide staff of OpenAI customers (“
you
”) with access to OpenAI courses (the “
App
”). In order to access the App you must have a Coursera account. If you choose to close your Coursera account, or if Coursera closes or suspends your Coursera account in accordance with its
Terms of Use
, you will no longer be able to access the App and any related OpenAI courses provided via the App.
The
Coursera Privacy Notice
(“
Privacy Notice
”) continues to apply to your use of Coursera services, including your use of the App. This Privacy Notice Addendum (“
Addendum
”) is incorporated into, and forms part of, the Privacy Notice. This Addendum provides additional information about how Coursera processes your personal information specifically in connection with the App. For information on how to contact Coursera  with any privacy-related questions, or to exercise your privacy rights, please refer to the Privacy Notice. If there is any conflict between this Addendum and the Privacy Notice, this Addendum will control only with respect to the App.
Personal information Coursera processes and why
In addition to the information described in the Privacy Notice, Coursera may receive the following personal information from you, OpenAI, or your employer to support your access to the App and your participation in OpenAI courses:
Your name, email address, and similar organization-specific identifiers
. Coursera uses this information to create or manage your Coursera account, or enable single sign-on (SSO) if requested by OpenAI or your employer.
Limited data related to your course activity in ChatGPT (such as your course grade and the reason for that grade)
. Coursera uses this information only to track your course progress, help you move through the OpenAI course, and issue your OpenAI course completion badge on OpenAI’s behalf.
Coursera uses
cookies
,
web beacons
, and
similar technologies
when you visit the App. Some cookies are necessary for the App’s basic operation and core features. We also use
session-replay technologies
, such as those provided by Datadog, to record users’ interactions with the App and view video replays of user sessions. These replays help us diagnose usability issues and identify areas for improvement.
Personal information shared
As described in the Privacy Notice, Coursera shares information when needed to deliver and support our services. For OpenAI courses taken through the App:
Coursera will provide limited personal information (name, email address and badge metadata) to its third party digital credentialing platform (Credly) to allow you to set up an account with Credly to receive your OpenAI course completion badge.
Coursera may share your course progress, completion status, and other analytics or usage information ("
Analytics Data
") with OpenAI (who may in turn share this Analytics Data with your employer), for the purposes of monitoring the App’s performance, evaluating course engagement, and improving the integration between the App and ChatGPT.
Coursera may share Analytics Data with your employer (where they are an existing Coursera enterprise customer), for organizational purposes such as verifying enrollment, tracking completion of required or optional training, supporting internal learning and development programs, and generating related reporting.
Coursera may share limited personal information (name, email, course activity, and badge completion data) with OpenAI as necessary to troubleshoot the App and provide related customer support services.
Coursera Footer
Skills
Accounting
Artificial Intelligence (AI)
Cybersecurity
Data Analytics
Digital Marketing
Human Resources (HR)
Microsoft Excel
Project Management
Python
SQL
Professional Certificates
Google AI Certificate
Google Cybersecurity Certificate
Google Data Analytics Certificate
Google IT Support Certificate
Google Project Management Certificate
Google UX Design Certificate
IBM AI Engineering Certificate
IBM AI Product Manager Certificate
IBM Data Science Certificate
Intuit Academy Bookkeeping Certificate
Courses & Specializations
AI Essentials Specialization
AI For Business Specialization
AI For Everyone Course
AI in Healthcare Specialization
Deep Learning Specialization
Excel Skills for Business Specialization
Financial Markets Course
Machine Learning Specialization
Prompt Engineering for ChatGPT Course
Python for Everybody Specialization
Career Resources
Career Aptitude Test
CAPM Certification Requirements
CompTIA A+ Certification Requirements
CompTIA Security+ Certification Requirements
Essential IT Certifications
Free IT Certifications and Courses
High-Income Skills to Learn
How to Learn Artificial Intelligence
PMP Certification Requirements
Popular Cybersecurity Certifications
Coursera
About
What We Offer
Leadership
Careers
Catalog
Coursera Plus
Professional Certificates
MasterTrack® Certificates
Degrees
For Enterprise
For Government
For Campus
Become a Partner
Social Impact
Free Courses
Share your Coursera learning story
Community
Learners
Partners
Beta Testers
Blog
The Coursera Podcast
Tech Blog
More
Press
Investors
Terms
Privacy
Help
Accessibility
Contact
Articles
Directory
Affiliates
Modern Slavery Statement
Cookies Preference Center
Learn Anywhere
© 2026 Coursera Inc. All rights reserved.