The Economist Group - Privacy Policy
go to content
Menu
Close
Home
About us
Businesses
Careers
ESG
Results
Press centre
Contact us
Terms of use
Privacy
Manage cookies
Cookie policy
Accessibility
Modern Slavery Statement
Contact us
© The Economist Newspaper Limited
2026
Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383 | Registered office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT | VAT Reg No: GB 340 436 876
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Economist Group Privacy Policy
The Economist Group values your privacy. In this Policy we explain how we collect, use and protect your personal data. We know that transparency and trust are important. It’s also important to us that you enjoy using our products, services and websites in a safe and secure way. This Policy explains how we collect and use different types of personal and behavioural information, and the reasons for doing so.
About us and this policy
The Economist Group is made up of several companies. This Policy applies to all companies within the Group and all the products and services they offer. We have listed some of our companies in the section titled
‘More information about who we are’.
You should read this Policy in conjunction with our
Cookie Policy
and the relevant
terms of use
for the product or service you access.
Our policies will be updated from time to time. Please refer back to these policies regularly to keep yourself updated. Where we make a material change to our policies, we will notify our customers.
This Policy applies to ‘users’ and ‘customers’ (or ‘you’) of The Economist Group; that is anyone ordering, registering or interacting with any product or service from any of The Economist Group’s businesses. This includes, for example, subscribers, registered users, website users, app users, event attendees, and education course participants. This Policy refers interchangeably to ‘your information’ and ‘your personal data’. As a UK entity, our use of the term ‘personal data’ is by reference to the definition of that term in the UK General Data Protection Regulation 2016; personal data are ‘any information which relates to an identified or identifiable natural person’.
If you interact with The Economist Educational Foundation, please note that a separate privacy policy applies to the Foundation’s use of your personal information; see that policy
here
.
External links
This Policy only applies to The Economist Group’s use of personal data; our websites, services or products may, from time to time, contain links to, use or be hosted on, external sites. The Economist Group is not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of such sites and we recommend that you read the privacy policies of external sites you use. Similarly, if you are directed to our website from a third party we are not responsible for the privacy policy or practices of the third party. Again, we recommend you read their policies.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Why we collect your personal data
What types of personal data we collect
How we use your data
How we work with third parties
Third parties who pass information to us
What lawful bases do we rely on to process your data?
How long do we retain your data?
When may we send your data overseas?
How do we keep your data safe?
What’s different for children?
What are my data rights and how do I exercise them?
What if I live in China?
What if I live in the United States of America?
More information about who we are
1. Why we collect your personal data
We collect and store information about you in order to deliver our products and services. Information you provide to us directly, and information we gather based on your activity, helps us to deliver relevant content and advertising to you, as well as create a more seamless experience across the products and platforms through which you may access our content.
2. What types of personal data we collect
We collect information you provide us with, such as your contact details if you are a subscriber, to provide you with our services and products.
Examples of the personal data we collect in order to fulfil a subscription to
The Economist
Newspaperinclude but are not limited to;
Name
Postal address (including postcode)
Email address
Payment details
In addition to the above, examples of other information we may collect includes:
Job title
Work email
Company
Country
Industry
Information we collect through your use of our products
When you use any of our online platforms or apps we collect information that helps us to deliver the service you have chosen and to improve your experience. This is done through cookies and other similar technologies. Examples of the types of information we may collect are:
Browser
Email provider
The pages you read or otherwise access on our websites and apps, and how you navigated to them
Device
IP address
Internet connection
Location (in some cases)
Depending on where in the world you access our services, we may ask your consent to use certain cookies and technologies.
Information we receive from third parties
We work with third parties who may provide us with additional information that you have shared with them or have provided to a publicly available platform like LinkedIn.. Some third parties may also share further information about your interaction on our sites to help us personalise our services to you. More information can be found in the section headed
‘For audience profiling
’ below.
Information we do not collect
We do not track or collect any sensitive information about you, unless there are exceptional circumstances. This is known as ‘special category data’ in some jurisdictions and includes information about a person’s race, health, religion, ethnicity, and political opinions. Please be aware that what constitutes ‘sensitive information’ can differ in the United States (for instance, user credential to log into an account). We encourage you to review the US section below.
3. How we use your data
We use your information for the following purposes:
i) To provide our products and services
To fulfil your orders and contracts with us (across all our products and services including
The Economist
,
1843
, Learning.ly, The Economist E-store, Economist Enterprise services (including EIU and Corporate Network), Economist Events, Signal Noise, Bazian, Eurofinance and Commercial Payments International) this includes our third party specialised payment providers.
To manage your access to our online content and apps, and to send you content via push notifications, newsletters and subscriptions if you have requested this.
To provide you with services where you attend our events.
To send you service notifications related to our products and services such as subscription renewal notifications, password resets and order confirmations.
To manage customer service queries and complaints.
To manage your privacy preferences and to ensure you only receive communications that you have requested, which may include using your details to suppress your contact details from our communications.
To send you administrative emails about your account, reminders of upcoming events, service changes or new policies. These updates, changes and notifications are essential for the services that you have selected.
To provide general location-based services (eg, the region or country you are in), advertising or search results for our content.
To detect and reduce fraud including fraudulent orders.
To prevent users from posting illegal, offensive or objectionable comments on our site.
To run competitions, prize draws and promotions or if you agree to be a speaker or contributor at, or in, one of our events, projects or films. In these cases, subject to any specific terms The Economist Group agrees with you separately, you grant a global right to The Economist Group to use your name, picture, likeness, voice, biographical information and statements, for advertising, trade, publicity and promotional purposes in all media now known or discovered afterwards and on the internet.
To understand more about who you are and how you might engage with Economist products and services. From time to time we may analyse different data sources about you. For instance, where you choose to take part in Economist research including customer surveys we may analyse your answers in combination with other information you have provided us such as subscription information or data that shows how you interact with our websites and apps. Also, depending on your cookie preferences, if you are an Economist Newspaper subscriber, we may match your analytics data to your customer account data . Where required, we conduct Data Protection Impact Assessments to match these records.
ii) To deliver marketing and advertising
We may send marketing communications via a range of channels, including email and push notifications. You can opt out of these at any time. We may contact you to tell you about special offers and related or similar products or services provided by The Economist Group. We may need your consent to use your information for some specific purposes such as marketing, brand-response communications and personalised advertising.
We may pass your information to our partners who may contact you with information regarding their own products and services such as other subscriptions or content services. Where required, we’ll tell you before we share this data and ask for your consent to do this. For corporate events attended by our business clients, we rely on our legitimate interests to collect and share personal data with event sponsors who may then choose to contact you about their services and products. Those parties are responsible for their use of your data and you should read their privacy policies carefully.
Depending on whether you are an individual customer or corporate client, and depending on where you are in the world, we will ask you to consent to our marketing, or opt out of such communications when you first sign up to receive our products or services. You can also update your preferences for your
Economist
newspaper subscription at any time via your online account at economist.com or by contacting customer services (see ‘Contact Us’ below). You can also opt out of email marketing by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. Other parts of The Economist Group will inform you of how to opt out of such marketing communications, or you can contact us at
[email protected]
. This does not apply to important service notifications such as payment confirmations, or where we have some other legal basis for contacting you.
In order to deliver advertising and marketing messages that are relevant to you, we may use the information we hold about you, including details that we collate from your use of our services or third parties, such as more precise information on your location or your company's profile (eg, company name, company size), to ensure that the advertising you see is of interest to you.
iii) Social-media
The Economist Group publishes content on social media platforms to reach current and potential readers. We may do this in two ways known as ‘organic’ and ‘paid’ methods:
‘Organic’ methods describe where content and/or offers are published on a social platform so that they may appear in your social platform’s content, without being promoted or forced to appear more prominently, such as
The Economist
’s Facebook page.
‘Paid’ methods describe where content and/or offers are published on a social platform so that they will appear more prominently, or be shown to users that do not currently follow The Economist Group’s social pages, such as a promoted tweet on your Twitter timeline.
We may place one or more social-media platform ‘tags’ on our website in order to better understand how The Economist Group may be of best value to you by providing you with the most relevant content available according to what you have chosen to read on our own websites. These tags only record information around events to help us understand if you are registered or subscribed with us, so that we may use your reading preferences to provide more relevant content and/or offers to you, on social media platforms, such as removing subscription offers from your feed if you are a current subscriber.
iv) For audience profiling
We will analyse information about how you use our products (usage data) with your account information (account data) to create a profile of your interests and preferences. These insights also help us make marketing decisions so that we can ensure our messages are relevant to you. There are times we may use additional information available from external sources to help us do this effectively (see ‘
How we work with third parties’
section below).
Depending on where in the world you access our services, you can opt in or out of profiling by managing your cookie preferences. This does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements, but that they will no longer be personalised to your interests.
v) To personalise your experience
We may also offer you personalised offers, content, advertising and marketing. Personalising these services and products aims to enhance your experience by recommending content and features that are relevant to your reading history and interests.
We may personalise your content in many ways. For personalised content, where you consent to analytics cookies, we use information about how you consume Economist Group products to tailor our content. We personalise content to you on the basis of our legitimate interests as a commercial publisher, to understand audiences and tailor content that you find most engaging and suited to you. Depending on where you are in the world, we will ask for your consent for personalised offers, advertising and marketing.
We’ve assessed what, if any, impact processing this information will have on your privacy rights and concluded that personalisation affords you, our customer, with a unique experience without any significant impact on your privacy.
How to turn off personalisation
If you don’t want us to personalise your experience using cookies, please turn off Analytics cookies in the Manage Cookies section of our websites. Please note that if you allow personalisation and later change that setting, our systems may still serve you personalised content based on your previous choices.
vi) How do we process data in the context of our journalism?
We may process people’s information as part of our journalism. This may include the data of contributors, sources, as well as the subjects of our journalism. We process this personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests to produce journalistic material. Where we process sensitive information such as special category or criminal offence data as part of our journalistic output, we will identify an additional lawful basis to process that data, or rely on the exemption for processing data where it is done for the ‘special purposes of journalism, art and literature’.
vii) Economist business-to-business services
Where you subscribe to
The Economist
newspaper or have an EIU subscription provided to you by a company or institution such as your university or employer, generally
The Economist
and your group subscription account holder will be separate data controllers. This means we are separately responsible for how your data is processed. Depending on how your company accesses our content, some of your personal data, such as your email address, may be shared with us so we can register you with an account.
For group subscription accounts, we rely on analytics cookies to understand how you use the subscription. This usage data is aggregated so individuals cannot be identified. Collecting this usage data is essential as we require the usage data to fulfil our contract with the administrator of your group subscription by understanding rates of use of our services that in turn help us price these subscriptions. This means we do not need your consent for some analytics cookies that are non-essential for individual subscribers. You will be served with a notice in our cookies banner that explains this when you access your group account.
If you wish to share Economist articles with your colleagues on Slack or Microsoft Teams, you can download our custom Economist app built for this purpose. We will only collect your Teams and Slack user ID for this purpose.
If you wish to share Economist articles with your colleagues on Slack or Microsoft Teams, you can download our custom Economist app built for this purpose. We would like to know when you do share articles to understand what is being read. If you share on Teams or Slack, we will collect your Teams and Slack user ID for this purpose.
If you access a group subscription through a school, your educational provider must obtain parental or guardian consent for us to process your data.
If you have an EIU subscription, we use account data to create personalised recommendations for you to access content we think you will enjoy. If your organisation subscribes to EIU services we may use your account and usage data to create personalised recommendations based on that data. Should you wish to opt out, please contact your Account Manager or notify us at
[email protected]
Economist Education
This section applies if you enrol in, access or participate in courses, programmes or learning services provided by Economist Education, a business of The Economist Group (“Education Services”).
How we use learner personal data
In addition to the uses described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we process personal data relating to learners and participants in Education Services to:
administer enrolment, account creation and access to courses and learning platforms;
deliver course content, learning activities, assessments, grading, feedback, certificates and badges;
provide learner support, service desk functions and course-related communications;
send operational and engagement communications that are necessary to deliver Education Services; and
operate, secure and improve our Education Services, including detecting and preventing fraud, misuse and academic misconduct.
Use of service providers (processors)
To deliver Education Services, The Economist Group uses specialist third-party service providers that process personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. These include providers that support:
the hosting and operation of learning platforms;
course delivery, instructional design, tutoring, assessment and learner support services; and
related administrative, technical and operational functions (such as communications and support tools).
These service providers act as data processors for the purposes of applicable data protection laws and are contractually required to:
process personal data only for the purposes of providing services to The Economist Group;
implement appropriate technical and organisational security measures; and
not use learner personal data for their own independent purposes.
International data transfers
Some service providers used in connection with Education Services process personal data outside the United Kingdom and the European Economic Area, including in South Africa and other jurisdictions where our service providers or their sub-processors operate.
Where personal data is transferred internationally, The Economist Group ensures that appropriate safeguards are in place in accordance with applicable data protection laws, such as approved standard contractual clauses or other lawful transfer mechanisms, as described in this Privacy Policy.
Identity verification
Certain Education Services may require learners to complete an identity verification check (for example, to confirm eligibility, protect the integrity of assessments or prevent misuse of certificates).
Where this applies:
learners are redirected to a third-party identity verification provider to complete the verification process under that provider’s own terms and privacy notice;
the identity verification provider acts as an independent data controller in respect of the verification process; and
The Economist Group receives only a confirmation of whether the verification has been passed or not passed, and does not receive copies of identity documents or other personal data used in the verification process.
Employer-funded Education Services
Where your participation in Education Services is purchased or funded by an employer or another organisation (an
“Employer”
), we may process and share limited learner personal data with that Employer for the purposes of administering and delivering the Education Services.
This may include, where applicable:
confirmation of enrolment or access to a course or programme;
participation or attendance status;
completion status; and
confirmation that a certificate or badge has been issued.
We do not share the content of assignments, assessment submissions, detailed grades, discussion contributions, or other learner-generated content with an Employer unless:
this is expressly stated at the point of enrolment or in course materials;
it is governed by a separate agreement with the Employer; and
it is permitted by applicable data protection law.
We process and share learner personal data with Employers where necessary to:
perform our contract to deliver Education Services to you and/or the Employer funding your participation; and/or
support our legitimate interests in administering employer-funded education programmes,
subject always to appropriate safeguards and applicable data protection laws.
Employers that receive learner personal data act as independent data controllers in respect of that data and are responsible for their own use of it in accordance with their own privacy practices.
4. How we work with third parties
In some instances, we will share information with our third-party partners and service providers to deliver you our services or products, help us improve your experience with us, or when we are required to do so by contract or law. These third parties include agents, subcontractors, sponsors for our events, and other associated organisations. We have contracts in place to ensure the information remains secure and limited in use. Some illustrative examples of when we share your information are:
When you make a payment on any of our sites, your payment will be processed by a specialist payment processor to ensure a secure transaction. All payment processors used by The Economist Group are compliant with required security standards. If you have any questions regarding secure transactions, please contact the Data Privacy team by completing our
enquiry form
or emailing
[email protected]
. Please note that some payment providers are separate data controllers to
The Economist
. We will tell you when we use payment providers that act as separate data controllers so that you can review their privacy policies and terms of use for information about how they might process your personal data.
When you log on to your subscription account, a third party provider who specialises in online account management will manage your access including, for example, resetting your password.
When we send you an email or a push notification, these are delivered by marketing platforms. As part of this service, certain information such as whether the message was opened, clicks and formatting are recorded to help deliver the best email experience.
When we test and launch new products, services or offers, we may work with trusted third parties to support us.
Product development.
We also employ third parties to carry out statistical analysis and conduct surveys on our behalf, to support our advertising and content-production efforts respectively.
To provide information for auditing and legal purposes when required by our regulators.
To enhance your profile with other personal and non-personal information.
To enable third parties such as advertisers or sponsors to contact you with information about their own products and services that may be of interest – but only if you give explicit permission for us to do so.
5. Third parties who pass information to us
Our subscriptions services sometimes use additional information such as telephone numbers or postcodes from third parties (like researchers or telemarketing agents, who have gathered this information lawfully) to help us contact you with important service updates via phone or post or to help us make marketing decisions. This includes advertising (by ourselves or via advertising partners) to groups of people with particular interests. These third parties may give us access to your personal information, if you have allowed them to do so.
We may also work with third parties to identify individuals who may be interested in our products and services or in some cases our sponsors’ and advertisers’ products and services. These third parties may give us access to your personal information, if you have allowed them to do so. In any communication you receive from us, through these third parties, we make sure to identify ourselves (and them) so that you know who has access to your information. Generally, we will need your consent to contact you if we receive your information from a third party, although this will not always be the case. For business-to-business contacts for instance, we will rely on our legitimate interests to contact you with offers and products.
Please note that the collection, use, and disclosure of information by these third parties are described in their own privacy policies, and consequently may differ from that set out in this policy. We are not responsible for those third party privacy policies where the other party is a separate data controller, and you should ensure that you have read and understood all applicable privacy policies before proceeding.
6. What lawful bases do we rely on to process your data?
We need to identify a legal reason, or ‘lawful basis’, to process your personal data.
Other than where we have asked for your consent, we mainly rely on two other separate bases to lawfully use your information.
First, we need to use your information in certain ways to provide our products or services to you, in accordance with our contract(s) with you. In this case, it is necessary for us to use your information so that we can deliver the products or services you have chosen.
Second, as described in more detail below, in certain cases we may use your information where necessary to further our legitimate interests, where those legitimate interests are not outweighed by any negative impact on your rights or interests. Some of the purposes for which we may process your data based on our legitimate interests include:
To measure customer and user response and engagement with our products and services such as online content, email newsletters and subscription offers. This may include sharing your information with third parties who help us to analyse and measure these outcomes.
To ensure our products (including websites and apps) are compatible with the browsers and operating systems used by most of our visitors.
To help us improve our customer and user experience and to support product development. We may send customer satisfaction surveys and market research questionnaires (for which we may share your information with third party suppliers employed by us).
To create audience profiles for personalised advertising, marketing or research and development on and off our websites.
To detect and reduce fraudulent activity and for other security-related purposes such as to help us protect against harassment, IP infringement, crime or other security issues.
You have the right to object to any of the above uses of your information, so please contact us if you wish to do so. We will consider all objections reasonably, but there may be legal reasons where we deem that the use of your information is still necessary and reasonable in the circumstances. We will explain our decision to you in a timely manner.
We may share your personal data with third parties for any purpose required by law or regulation and to verify information that we provide to third parties for compliance and audit purposes. For example, we may share your personal data with the Audit Bureau of Circulation (ABC) so they can verify aggregated statistics about circulation and usage of our products or review our policies, processes and procedures for compliance with relevant standards.
Below, we outline the lawful bases we rely on to process your data and examples of the types of data we collect under each basis.
Consent
Marketing - generally, depending on where you are in the world, if you’re a new customer, we need your consent to send you marketing
Personalised advertising
Legitimate interests
Marketing - if you’re an existing customer, we may rely on our legitimate interests to send you information about new products
Personalised content
Contributor data and the personal data of those identified in our journalistic output for the purposes of producing journalism
Necessary for performance of a contract
Manage subscription payments
To identify customer usage data for group subscription accounts
To send subscribers important service messages
Defence of a legal claim
In circumstances where The Economist Group commences or defends a legal claim involving the processing of personal data
Required by law
For tax and auditing purposes
We may from time to time process special category data or criminal conviction data. Where we do this, we will identify an additional lawful basis to process your data and where necessary we will identify substantial public interest conditions for such processing.
7. How long do we retain your data?
We securely store your information, and hold it for as long as reasonably necessary to provide our services and products to you in accordance with (i) applicable law, or (ii) as long as is set out in any relevant contract you have with us.
We review our retention periods for personal information to comply with the Data Minimisation and Limitation Principles in data protection law, to ensure we only collect and retain the data we need to serve you with our services and products.
As a customer, if you have not interacted with us after four years, we will cleanse or delete your data). Sometimes we may need to keep it for longer periods; for example, tax and other financial regulations may require us to keep certain information for seven years. We may need to retain some information for longer due to legal or human-resources reasons. If you request that we no longer contact you, for example with marketing communications, we will retain the minimum amount of information about you so that (i) if you are a customer, we can continue to fulfil our obligations to you, (ii) we can ensure we remove you from any future communications and (iii) we comply with any legal or regulatory obligations that we may have. Please note that if you ask us to completely remove all information about you, and you subsequently use our products and services at a later date, we will no longer be able to recognise your previous request not to be contacted, which is why we would keep it and suppress it in line with industry standards.
8. When may we send your data overseas?
As a global company, we have offices in different locations and we work with trusted third parties around the world. This means we may collect and share your personal information internationally, including outside of the United Kingdom and European Union. Generally, we will notify you when we do this and always ensure we have appropriate legal safeguards in place to protect the transfer of data.
9. How do we keep your data safe?
We take information security seriously. We implement reasonable and appropriate technical and organisational measures designed to protect your personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, change, or damage. We limit who has access to your information and ensure that those who do are bound by contracts to keep your information availability restricted and safe.
10. What’s different for children?
The Economist Newspaper Limited processes the limited personal data of individuals aged 16 to 18 to fulfil subscriptions. For individual student subscriptions we process customer data to perform our contract with our customers. For group subscriptions where we do so, we minimise the data collected and where required, we ask schools to obtain parental or guardian consent for this data processing. Please see The Economist Educational Foundation’s separate privacy policy for more information on how it processes children’s data.
11. What are my data rights and how can I exercise them?
Under UK and other laws that may apply, you may have the right to request the following, subject to exemptions:
You have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
You have the right to correct the personal data we hold about you.
You may have the right to receive a machine-readable copy of your personal data.
You also have the right to ask us to rectify, delete or restrict access to your data.
Where applicable, you have the right to object to processing of your personal data for specific purposes, including marketing.
Where you have provided us with consent to use your personal data, you can withdraw this at any time.
Please be aware that there are circumstances in which complete erasure of your information will not be possible for operational, legal and business reasons. This may include if you remain an Economist customer for whom we need to provide services, or where we need to retain some of your details in order to facilitate a ‘Do Not Contact’ request by keeping you on a suppression list.
In addition, if you are a resident of the United States, you have the right to be informed of your information that has been ‘sold’ or ‘shared’ and to opt out of these. For details on how to make these requests please refer to the section for US residents above. We do not discriminate against individuals that exercise their data protection or privacy rights.
12. What if I live in China?
If you are a resident of the People’s Republic of China (PRC) and The Economist Group processes your personal information, the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) applies to you. Please be aware that other parts of this privacy policy may also apply to you.
For residents of the PRC, we may use your information to:
Administer your subscription to EIU and other Economist Group products and services;
communicate with you regarding the products and services The Economist Group provides to you and send you marketing and other promotional information, with necessary lawful bases;
gather research for our EIU and other Economist Group businesses; and/or
accept and provide services to business clients in our Economist Enterprise businesses.
The Economist Group does not intentionally or actively process any sensitive information of PRC residents. In the event we do this for specific processing activities, we will provide a privacy notice.
Where we process your information, you have certain rights under the PIPL, including the:
right to know;
right to decide relating to your personal information;
right to consult and copy;
right to data portability;
right to correction;
right to deletion;
right to withdraw consent; and
right to request personal information handlers explain personal-information handling rules.
To exercise these rights, please contact
[email protected]
.
We do not actively process the information of minors under the age of 14; where we do we will seek parental consent to do so as required by law.
Transfer of your personal data outside PRC
In order to fulfil and manage the transactions of PRC residents with The Economist Group and to ensure robust information security, we may transfer some of your information we collect to our affiliate companies outside China. For our Economist Enterprise services, we host data in the United States of America. Where required, we have contractual safeguards in place and will comply with applicable legal requirements in China.
Where required, we will ask for your general or separate consent to relevant data processing activities.
13. What if I live in the United States of America?
In addition to the data subject rights documented elsewhere in this Policy, this section explains the additional privacy rights of, and our obligations for, residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Texas, Tennessee, Utah and Virginia.,
Sales of Personal Information and Sharing for Targeted Advertising
In some circumstances, we may ‘sell’ or ‘share’ your personal data (as defined by relevant law) with trusted third parties, subject to your right to opt out.
We may sell or share the following categories of personal data for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy, subject to your settings and preferences, and your right to opt-out:
Identifiers, such as your name and email address
Commercial Information, such as records of the services you purchase from us
The categories of third parties to whom we may sell or share the personal data includes marketing and advertising partners, analytics providers, and social networks.
Sensitive Information
The following personal data elements we collect may be classified as ‘sensitive information’ under certain privacy laws: account log-in and password, or credentials allowing access to an account. We only use or disclose sensitive personal information where such use or disclosure is necessary and proportionate for performing services you have requested and for detecting security incidents, fraud and other illegal actions. We do not collect and process sensitive information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer, and we do not sell sensitive information or process or otherwise share sensitive personal information for the purpose of targeted advertising.
Universal Opt-Out Mechanism
Where available, you may choose to enable an online tool that automatically communicates your universal opt-out preferences, such as the Global Privacy Control (‘GPC’). You may need to use a specific browser or an extension that supports these tools and universal signals.
Your Privacy Rights
In accordance with applicable privacy law, and depending upon the jurisdiction in which you reside, you may have some or all of the following rights with respect to your personal data including;
the right to obtain:
confirmation of whether, and where, we are processing your personal data;
information about the categories of personal data we are processing, the purposes for which we process your personal data and information as to how we determine applicable retention periods;
information about the categories of recipients with whom we may share your personal data; and
a copy of the personal data we hold about you.
The right to receive a copy of the personal data you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format that supports re-use, or to request the transfer of your personal data to another person;
the right to know what data we process about you and any sales of your personal data and to whom;
the right to opt out of the future sales of your personal data to third parties;
the right to opt out of the future sharing of your personal data to third parties where your data is shared for commercial or similar benefit to a third party for the purposes of behavioural advertising;
the right to correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you;
the right, in some circumstances, to require us to delete your personal data;
the right, in some circumstances, to require us to limit the purposes for which we process your personal data if the continued processing of the personal data in this way is not justified, such as where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you;
the right to appeal our decision if we decline to take action on a request exercising one of your rights set forth herein;
the right to non-discrimination for making a request.
If you are a resident of Oregon or Minnesota, and subject to certain exclusions, you also have the right to request a list of specific third parties to whom we have disclosed personal data.
Under California law, where we share or sell your details to third parties, including for behavioural advertising, you can opt out of advertising, marketing and analytics cookies and other technologies in the
Manage Cookies
section of our website, or in your app. Depending on how you interact with our websites, apps and products, you may need to opt-out from the selling or sharing of your data on each platform; for example, you will need to exercise this right in our apps and on Economist.com if that is how you interact with us. Where you exercise this right, please note that we may still share your data with some trusted partners where this is necessary to run our websites or apps.
How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights
Please submit a request by one of the following methods:
Emailing us at
[email protected]
. If you email us to make a request under California U.S. law, please indicate in the subject that it is a California-U.S.-rights request;. We will deal with requests for access to your personal data within forty-five (45) days for California-specific requests.
Completing our
Individual Rights Form
.
Before processing your request, we may need to verify your identity and confirm you are a resident of a state that offers the requested right(s). In order to verify your identity, we will generally require the successful authentication of your account, or the matching of sufficient information you provide us to the information we maintain about you in our systems. This process may require us to request additional personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your full name, email address, physical address, or customer reference number. In certain circumstances, we may decline a request to exercise the rights described above, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems. If we are unable to comply with all or a portion of your request, we will explain the reasons for declining to comply with the request.
In certain circumstances, you are permitted to use an authorised agent to submit requests on your behalf through the designated methods set forth above where we can verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. In order to verify the authorized agent’s authority, we generally require evidence of either (i) a valid power of attorney or (ii) a signed letter containing your name and contact information.
Appealing Privacy Rights Decisions
Depending on your state of residency, you may be able to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your privacy rights request. All appeal requests should be submitted by emailing us at
[email protected]
with the subject line, “Privacy Request Appeal.”
Financial Incentives and Loyalty Programs
The Economist provides free subscription trials which may qualify as a financial incentive under applicable privacy laws. As part of the subscription trial, we collect the personal information required to start your subscription including account and billing information, such as your email and password, payment information, and subscription preferences. The personal information collected will be processed as described in this Privacy Policy. Please note that participating in incentive programs is entirely optional, you have to affirmatively subscribe to the free trial, and you can opt out (i.e., terminate your subscription) prospectively by following the instructions in the subscription description and terms. Each financial incentive or price or service difference related to the collection and use of personal data is based upon our reasonable, good-faith determination of the estimated value of such information to our business, taking into consideration the value of the offer itself and the anticipated revenue generated that may be realised by rewarding brand loyalty, We calculate the value of the offer and financial incentive by using the expense related to the offer.
Shine the Light Disclosure
The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out of this type of sharing, please click on the link
here
.
14. More information about who we are
Brands
You can find full details of the brands which make up The Economist Group here. We have also listed some brand names and product names below.
Group companies
There are a number of companies which make up The Economist Group. In accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 2018, the following members of The Economist Group are registered with the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office as a data controller:
Data controller: The Economist Newspaper Limited
Registered Office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z7134617
Company Registration Number: 236383
Other names and brands include: The Economist, 1843, Commercial Payments International, Economist Careers, Economist Jobs, Economist.com, Economist Enterprise, Economist Films, Espresso, E-Store, Learningly, Signal Noise, The World Ahead, Economist Debates
Data controller: The Economist Intelligence Unit Limited
Registered Office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z6982453
Company Registration Number: 1762617
Other names and brands include: EIU, Economist Enterprise Corporate Network, EIU Healthcare, EIU Viewpoint, EIU Viewpoint add-in for Excel
Data controller: EuroFinance Conferences Limited
Registered Office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z4865712
Company Registration Number: 3015764
Other names and brands include: EuroFinance,  EuroFinance Training, Corporate Payments International (CPI)
Data Controller: Trustee(s) of The Economist Group UK Pension Plan
ICO Registered Number: Z6970715
Address: The Adelphi 1-11 John Adam Street London WC2N 6HT
Data Controller: Signal & Noise Limited
ICO Registered Number: ZA575716
Company Registration Number: 05842108
Address: The Adelphi 1-11 John Adam Street London WC2N 6HT
Data Controller: The Economist Educational Foundation
ICO Registered Number: ZA577879
Company Registration Number: 07927534
Address: The Adelphi 1-11 John Adam Street London WC2N 6HT
Data Controller: The Economist Charitable Trust
ICO Registered Number: ZA586367
Charity Registration Number: 293709
Address: The Adelphi 1-11 John Adam Street London WC2N 6HT
Contact Us
If you have questions about this Policy or wish to exercise your data subject rights, please contact us by completing our
enquiry form
, or email:
[email protected]
Alternatively, please send correspondence to us at the following address:
Attn: Data Privacy team
The Economist Group
The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adams Street
London WC2N 6HT, United Kingdom
If you wish to speak to our
Data Protection Officer,
please contact them at
[email protected]
and direct your correspondence to the DPO.
We're registered with the
Information Commissioner's Office
. You can also contact them for advice and support.
FAQs
How can I see what information you hold on me?
You can complete our data privacy
enquiry form
and our data privacy team will process your request.
How do I opt out of profiling?
Depending on where in the world you access our services you can opt in or out of profiling by managing your cookie preferences.
How do I opt out of marketing?
You can update your preferences at any time, and for subscribers to
The Economist
, this can be done via your online account at economist.com, or by contacting customer services (see ‘Contact Us’). You can also opt out of email marketing by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails. For other parts of The Economist Group you can contact us by completing our
enquiry form
.
How do I make a complaint?
If you have a complaint regarding any aspect of your personal information or this privacy policy, please contact the Data Privacy team by completing our
enquiry form
. If you are still not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint, you may write to the Information Commissioner's Office as set out below.
Can I write to the Information Commissioner’s Office (the ‘ICO’)?
Yes, you have the right to raise a concern with the ICO about how we handle your personal data at:
https://ico.org.uk/
The ICO recommends that, before raising a concern with them, you first raise your complaint with the organisation handling your information.
How long do you hold my information for?
We generally hold your customer information for up to four years after our last interaction with you. It may be seven years or longer if required for financial, tax or legal reasons.
Can I ask you to delete my information?
Yes, just contact us. We will consider your request and take appropriate action which may mean that we suppress it, rather than delete it to ensure that we can still follow your preferences as to whether or not we can market to you, or to comply with legal, contractual or regulatory reasons.
How do I update my information?
You can update it at any time via your online account at economist.com (for subscribers to
The Economist
).
How do I manage my cookie preferences?
You can use our cookie consent tool. For more information please also see our
cookie policy
.
What are my rights under the GDPR?
You have several privacy rights, including the right to ask us for information we hold about you by making a subject access request
here
. For more information, please see the “What are my data rights and how can I exercise them?” section of the Privacy Policy.
What are my rights under California privacy law?
Depending on the state where you reside, you may have several privacy rights, including the You have a right to ask us what information we have ‘sold’ about you, where ‘sold’ includes sharing your personal data with selected third parties, when you have given us permission to do so by opting in to marketing.or used for targeted advertising. You can exercise your privacy rights by making a request
here
. For more information, please see the “What if I live in the United States of America?” section of the Privacy Policy.
How can I contact The Economist Group?
If you have questions about this policy or about your personal information, please complete our
enquiry form
, or email:
[email protected]
Alternatively, please send correspondence to us at the following address:
Attn: Data Privacy team
The Economist Group
The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adams Street
London WC2N 6HT, United Kingdom
How will I find out about changes to this policy?
From time to time, we may make changes to our privacy policy. This may be in relation to changes in the law, best practice or changes in our services. These changes will be reflected in this statement, so you should check here regularly.
Last updated: 24 March 2026
About us
Our history
Our structure
Our values
Our offices
Businesses
The Economist
Economist Enterprise
Economist Education
Careers
DEI
ESG
Sustainability
Social
Governance
Leadership
Reports
Results
Annual & interim results
AGM & shareholder calls
Group news
Featured news
More news
Press office
Terms of use
Privacy
Manage cookies
Cookie policy
Accessibility
Modern Slavery Statement
Contact us
© The Economist Newspaper Limited
2026
Registered in England and Wales. No. 236383 | Registered office: The Adelphi, 1-11 John Adam Street, London, WC2N 6HT | VAT Reg No: GB 340 436 876